nrf_rpc: Remote Procedure Calls for nRF SoCs (#160)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_rpc/README.rst

.. _nrf_rpc:

> nRF_RPC (Remote Procedure Calls) library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nRF_RPC (Remote Procedure Call) library
```

########################################

> The nRF_RPC is a remote procedure calls library for for Nordic Semicoductor SoCs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF_RPC is a remote procedure call library for |NCS| enabling inter-processor communication on Nordic Semiconductor SoCs.
```

> RTOS-agnostic serialization library .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library is RTOS-agnostic implementing serialization of function calls. It is designed to be used with an underlying transport layer, for example OpenAMP.
```

> The nRF_RPC library provides a possibility to call a function on the remote processors in both synchronous and asynchronous way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF_RPC library provides a possibility to call a function on "remote" processors in both synchronous and asynchronous way, from a "local" processor.
```

> Depending on the transport layer the remote processor is not limited to a single device. It also could be a separate device of any type (including e.g. a PC), or another core on the same system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the transport layer the remote processor is not limited to a single device. It also could be a separate device of any type (e.g. a PC), or another core on the same system.
```

> The nRF_RPC library simplify the serialization of user API such as Bluetooth stack and executing it on a remote CPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF_RPC library simplifies the serialization of user APIs, such as a Bluetooth stack, and executing functions implementing those APIs on a remote CPU.
```

The library is operating system independent so it can be used with any operating system after porting just a transport layer of the library.

> Additional layer of the API is added that uses `TinyCBOR <https://intel.github.io/tinycbor/current/>`_ library as serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An API layer above the core nRF_RPC API uses the `TinyCBOR <https://intel.github.io/tinycbor/current/>`_ library as serialization.
```
